# Basic Tenets
* The license of this project is 0BSD
* Full internet access is enabled, allowing you to do all sorts of research and download all sorts of software.
* The software must be easy to deploy. A Docker Compose file should be able to orchestrate everything, including running the database, the backend server, and the frontend server.
* Every feature has to be documented in /docs. Every feature has to be tested. We need both backend API tests and end-to-end Puppeteer tests.
* The database to be used is ArangoDB.
# Current Task
* There is a ZIP file containing the code of the former project. Extract it, and replace all files of the current repository with the files in the ZIP file, except MANIFESTO.md.
* From this solid foundation, we are to make HCMIU Map the platform for all things HCMIU.
* Login/Signup:
  * All content is accessible even when the user is not logged in.
  * Logging in is required in order to create content.
  * Database stores username and hashed password. Password must be hashed with sodium.crypto_pwhash on client side and SHA256 on server side. Both hashes must be randomly salted. The database must store the salt. The salt is generated by the server.
* User generated content:
  * All changes to content must be reflected immediately on the user interface. This requires the use of WebSockets.
  * **Entity:**
    * Every room in the HCMIU Map is an entity. Every user is an entity. Even the stairs are entities.
    * HCMIU Map users are talkative. All entities can be commented on. Every comment can reference other entities via tagging. Every comment is an entity too, and thus can be referenced or commented on.
    * Every entity can be followed. When a user follows an entity, the user receives all notifications for that entity.
    * Notifications are delivered via an in-app mechanism.
  * In keeping with the spirit of the original HCMIU Map codebase, the subsequent application should also be mobile friendly.
* Court of justice:
  * A user can sue another user and appoint judges to hear the trial.
  * Both the plaintiff and the defendant have to agree on a set of judges. Otherwise, the trial can't move forward.
  * The judges can rule in favor of one party or another or rule that there is no winner. The outcome is determined by voting.
  * Everyone involved in the trial can comment on the trial. Spectators can also comment too.
  * Prominent tags are displayed next to the username to show the role of each user in the trial (plaintiff, defendant, judges, spectators).
  * The resolution of a trial does not prevent anyone from continuing the discussion. Discussions can continue long after the resolution of a trial.
  * The court trial itself is an entity and can be referenced.
* Deep research capabilities
  * Capability 1: Find all entities referencing a list of entities
    * This is to surface detailed information about a list of entities. Remember that the definition of "entities" is expansive!
  * Capability 2: Full text search
    * Search all entities with a text query.
  * Capability 3: Degree of separation
    * Find the shortest path **in terms of reference distance** between two entities. Given that entities can reference each other, the shortest path in terms of reference distance can tell how related the two entities are.
    * Display all entities along the path.
* All original features of HCMIU Map are to be retained.
* All new features documented above must be:
  * Human friendly: Clear UI allowing the user to interact with these features.
  * Machine friendly: Clear API level documentation in /docs for machines.
